hello and welcome to my first mod spot
like this Ahmad so I love it mod
spotlight on its own first one spot I I
did was just with another video but this
one is actually mod spotlight on its own
so don't wanna yeah let's go into first
person oh and it's quite forgot to be in
surrounding I'm getting regimented you
jump off the tree no one huh don't want
to drown that would not be good and I'm
stuck there we go that was really weird
so the mic for this month spotlight is
actually my personal lot and crafts
bottle Oh enchanting lock that's what it
is another the two recipe here are the
two recipes if you on the forum page you
can actually see there are two downloads
hard and easy better set that standard
standard and hard so the standard one
actually just like this is the recipe to
get a bottle and shading just three
Golden Apple a glass bottle and bonin I
misspoke is actually get to bottle and
changing with standard with hard these
are harder items to get these two cannot
be both installed at once but out this
is the recipe and you only get one I you
only get one bottle of champagne so I'm
just going to demo the mod out or you
should put it to my crafting table look
that there 23
two and three and look there we go
bottle of enchanting and you can see me
holding my beautiful Bali changing but i
can write a program that's so cool and
then i get XP to level up so usually or
whatever so yeah this is the hard one I
don't know them in some right now I only
have the easy one and yeah that's pretty
much it so oh well so thank you guys for
watching this video and I'm gonna have
some more mob spotlights on play seed
spotlights just more minecraft videos
and all in all the way more MC survival
coming to you up so today and I hope you
guys have enjoyed this and yeah much
more modest lot lights coming your way
so yeah